so now I'm ready to export my meshes so
I'm going to start with my low res mesh
this is the mesh I'm going to import
into painter and that I'll be working
with in the texturing process so here I
have all of my mesh parts selected and
I'm going to go to file export selection
and I choose FBX as the option and so
here we're going to call this sci-fi
container underscore low now for our
geometry settings here in the FBX export
options we need to make sure that we
have smoothing groups enabled and we
need to make sure that we triangulate
this mesh now since my end goal is to
create textures for use in ue4 I'm going
to make sure that night Anjan sand by
normals are unchecked since substance
painter is using Mickey space for the
tangent basis which is the same as ue4
I'm going to let substance painter
calculate the tangents and by normals
and when I'm actually going to use this
mesh inside of you before I would let it
calculate the tangents and by normals as
well now if you're watching this video
and you're wanting to export for use
within unity you are going to want to
make sure that the tangents and by
normals is enabled when you import the
FBX into substance painter and it finds
the tangents and by normals within the
FBX file it will import those tangents
and by normals and it will not compute
the tangents and by normals itself since
you're using the tangents and by normals
from the FBX to bake your maps within
painter when you import this FBX into
unity you want to make sure that you set
tangents and by normals to be imported
as well so here I'll uncheck tangents
and by normals and I'm just going to
export my low resolution mesh so next up
I would export my high resolution so
we'll just come over here to our high
resolution and we'll just enable this
and we'll just select all of the mesh
parts here and so here you can see all
the parts that are highlighted and then
in this case we would do export
selection and I'm going to save this as
my sci-fi container hi I'm going to turn
triangulation
off in this case and here I'm just going
to make sure that I have smoothing
groups enabled and here I would just
export out the high-resolution mesh I
already have it so I'll just click
cancel finally what we're going to do is
covered in the previous video we also
have this ID mesh that we want to export
so here let me just hide the
high-resolution so here we have our ID
we would just select all these mesh
parts here and now we'll do export
selection once again this time we'll
call this sci-fi container underscore ID
again I'm going to leave triangulate off
and I just have smoothing groups and
then we'll just export this guy and that
will give us all the meshes we're going
to use in our substance painter project